this is strictly in 60 seconds your
Whistlestop tour of Britain's best
dancing contest this week strictly went
to the movies with our six remaining
couples performing routines inspired by
Hollywood hits some were a box-office
smash with award-winning performances
absolutely blown away that's the best
tango I've seen on Strictly Come Dancing
spectacular stunts and even a surprise
comeback from Gavin that was your best
dunk one couples blockbuster bombed
failing to impress both the critics who
and the audience bringing an end to
their strictly journey with the famous
five heading into next week's
semi-finals the competition has never
been so first make sure you keep up to
date all week right here at BBC dot
co-taught UK forward slash Strictly